#Project Overview:

The purpose of this project was to be able to provide information on the best MBTA based on the location that the user inputs. The first part of our project involved building functions that returned the name of the closest MBTA station and if there is wheelchair accessibility base on the linked web data. We extracted our data using JSON web API requests from the MBTA website. We then created an interface that allowed us to accept valid location inputs by the user and recognize locations that were not recognizable in Massachusetts. The error page is equipped with suggestions about how to troubleshoot the errors and a return link to the original home page. For the finishing touches, we enhanced the user experience by implementing CSS to make the pages look presentable. 

#Project Reflection:

From a process point of view, our team was extremely efficient and productive as we each took the initiative to contribute to the project before our initial meeting time. Then, we made the most of our meeting time since we knew what our issues were. This gave us the opportunity to go over any problems together. It was interesting that each team member’s comprehension of the code and material seemed to be extremely different. Aiden has a better understanding of html and CSS since he is taking the web technologies class while Nick and Ceasar were more comfortable working with python. Each member of the team had to supplement their personal strengths by studying and strengthening the skills that they lacked. We took advantage of the suggested material and online forums until we were able to collectively become comfortable with our work. 

On a more constructive note, the division of work became easily apparent based on our skill sets. We also collaborated during our research by dividing specific topics and then making viewing suggestions for the rest of the team. Nick focused on finding YouTube videos and was able to compile a list of videos based on the methods and formatting of the API/ python into html, getting APi keys, and writing python. Ceasar focused primarily on the overall python code and finding ways to get the data from the API’s. Aiden primarily focused on writing the flask app and the html while also writing some of the python functions and reviewing the code. Overall, our operations ran extremely smoothly for the most part as we were able to efficiently troubleshoot solutions together. One of our main struggles was making modifications to the code when we forked and pulled from member to member. As Nick pulled, he had to ensure that the files were translated to HTML for development then back to HTML as a finalized web app. In conclusion the team believes that this project was a success for us as we were able to learn while simultaneously collaborating.
